README.rst, before:

===============================
Parse or generate NDEF messages
===============================

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/ndeflib/badge/?version=latest
   :target: http://ndeflib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
   :alt: Documentation Status

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/nfcpy/ndeflib.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/nfcpy/ndeflib
   :alt: Build Status

.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/nfcpy/ndeflib/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/nfcpy/ndeflib
   :alt: Code Coverage

The ``ndeflib`` is an `ISC <http://choosealicense.com/licenses/isc/>`_-licensed
Python package for parsing and generating NFC Data Exchange Format (NDEF) messages:

.. code-block:: pycon

   >>> import ndef
   >>> hexstr = '9101085402656e48656c6c6f5101085402656e576f726c64'
   >>> octets = bytearray.fromhex(hexstr)
   >>> for record in ndef.message_decoder(octets): print(record)
   NDEF Text Record ID '' Text 'Hello' Language 'en' Encoding 'UTF-8'
   NDEF Text Record ID '' Text 'World' Language 'en' Encoding 'UTF-8'
   >>> message = [ndef.TextRecord("Hello"), ndef.TextRecord("World")]
   >>> b''.join(ndef.message_encoder(message)) == octets
   True

The ``ndeflib`` package is currently in alpha development state and
documentation so far is only within the source code (for the Python
help command). However, the source published is considered quite
stable and fully tested for Python 2 and 3.

Commit message:

removed alpha development state warning

README.rst, after:

===============================
Parse or generate NDEF messages
===============================

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/ndeflib/badge/?version=latest
   :target: http://ndeflib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
   :alt: Documentation Status

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/nfcpy/ndeflib.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/nfcpy/ndeflib
   :alt: Build Status

.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/nfcpy/ndeflib/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/nfcpy/ndeflib
   :alt: Code Coverage

The ``ndeflib`` is an `ISC <http://choosealicense.com/licenses/isc/>`_-licensed Python package for parsing and generating NFC Data Exchange Format (NDEF) messages:

.. code-block:: pycon

   >>> import ndef
   >>> hexstr = '9101085402656e48656c6c6f5101085402656e576f726c64'
   >>> octets = bytearray.fromhex(hexstr)
   >>> for record in ndef.message_decoder(octets): print(record)
   NDEF Text Record ID '' Text 'Hello' Language 'en' Encoding 'UTF-8'
   NDEF Text Record ID '' Text 'World' Language 'en' Encoding 'UTF-8'
   >>> message = [ndef.TextRecord("Hello"), ndef.TextRecord("World")]
   >>> b''.join(ndef.message_encoder(message)) == octets
   True

The ``ndeflib`` documentation can be found on `Read the Docs <https://ndeflib.readthedocs.io/>`_, the code on `GitHub <https://github.com/hynek/attrs>`_.  It is `continously tested <https://travis-ci.org/nfcpy/ndeflib>` for Python 2.7 and 3.5 and pretty complete `test coverage <https://codecov.io/gh/nfcpy/ndeflib>`.
